What is Change by Us? 

Change by Us is a new place created by Local Projects, CEOS for Cities and Code
for America. It's a place for people to share ideas for making the city better,
and to turn those ideas into projects that have real impact. The site gives you
tools to network, manage projects, and connect with local resources. Get started
making your city better today!

Share ideas: Have an idea for how to make your city better? Add it to Change by
Us and connect with likeminded people and projects in your area. No idea is too
big, or small. 

Join or Create Projects: Find great projects in your neighborhood, or start your
own! Use Change by Us' powerful project management tools to recruit volunteers,
promote events, and find in-kind donations. 

Build Teams: Change by Us allows you to tap into a network of people motivated
to improve their communities. The site helps you find people by interest,
location, and skills. You can even find people by items they have available to
lend. Change by Us helps you tap into the power of your community. 

Find Resources: In addition to projects, Change by Us also maintains information
on public and non-profit programs that can help your project succeed. Connect
with city services and local knowledge. 

Change by Us is a growing community – help us get the word out! If there are any
features or resources you'd like to see on Change by Us, please let us know at
info@changeby.us. We're always improving the site and your feedback is a
critical part of our planning. 

Change by Us NYC is a new platform created originally by Local Projects — known
for its innovative work on StoryCorps and the 9/11 Memorial Museum — and the
urban think tank CEOs for Cities. 

After being launched in New York, the platform was made open source and adopted
by Code for America, who have generously donated their time to expanding Change
by Us. 

Change by Us is funded with the support of the Rockefeller Foundation, the
Knight Foundation, and the Case Foundation.
